I say right in the beginning this is
this kind of thing is right up my alley
so I tell everyone how long you guys
have been doing this stuff to each other
we are we met as freshmen in high school
in 1990 last year of high school yeah
1990 yeah and then you got your separate
ways briefly and you came together and
you've been doing pray pulling pranks on
each other and doing terrible things to
eat as best friends do yeah for many
many years it's like all the great love
stories we were together and I would
imagine though that it is a very
stressful way to live how many episodes
of the show of you guys done 200 people
think that it's like so fun they watch
it and they're like we want to hang out
with you guys you want to try it out
what you guys do it looks so much fun
and I like it's it's it's just to be
frank it's it's terrible it's not Suns
terrible yeah it's no way to live your
life and we live our lives riddled with
anxiety you know you can never really
get comfortable because like honestly
right now are any of you worried that
something's gonna I don't think this is
real she goes oh no you're sitting
behind me cuz I am a little worried
something's going to happen to me right
I came in with my spider senses so and
and your families are not exempt from
this like everybody's involved right oh
yeah that's actually the worst part of
it because you would think that your
family would want to protect you know
they can't wait for that phone to ring
to be like oh I get to be on TV we shot
the movie we did this bit the movie
where where they had me doing a talk and
a social media thing what a forty three
old guy is doing teaching people's I
begin with and then I go to throw it
over video and the video comes up and
it's some stupid social social media
nonsense and he on the on the day off
from the movie flew up to Pennsylvania
where my parents live and had them shoot
a fake porn movie
- it's so nice Italy and my mother goes
to church three times a week and she was
saying things like all of your pipes
need cleaning and stuff like that but
she goes on Wednesdays even when
nobody's there she only wants to box up
when she's dogs maybe it's a Wednesday
take it easy Carol he directed them in
the porno he grew up with that is crazy
and that is fun and now the otago but
this movie how is the movie different
from the television show well it's we
finally had the opportunity to do all
the big things that we wanted to do you
know he's actually had a lot of ideas
that we just never could fit into a 22
mental episode so now with the movie we
have free rein to wreak havoc on it they
said no to us over the 10 years we put
it on a list yeah now with the movie we
did interesting it now Paula Abdul was
in the movie that happen by magic me we
part of movie takes place in the 90s
when we met in high school and we wanted
someone that represented that era for us
and she was really huge for us back then
and we thought that it would be a good
fit I personally had a very big crush on
Paul Abdul she was one of my first like
oh well you know the MND the opposite
attract song was written after Sally
like teen magazines uh-huh then you'd
like rip it and I'd have like Paula
Abdul all over the my wall all over the
wall and I didn't tell her that when we
filmed I was like it's a pleasure to
meet you
this will be a professional endeavor
were you too embarrassed to tell her it
was a little funny enough I had two
crushes back then Bob dual and Billy
Crystal unlimited talent and figures
that just won't quit all day well you
got do I hope you got to meet Billy
Crystal and and and fulfill that famine
no I went up to say hi to him backstage
and somebody came out cracked my neck
and I oh they get the coffee from but we
also for once have a nice surprise for
you Sal you know yeah something that I
think actually you're gonna
gonna take
[Applause]
[Music]
tell her more about all the photos that
you didn't want to tell her the funny
thing is that I come on set
he's the one that keeps walking away
from me every time we were friends but I
never revealed you that I had this I'm
The Bachelor right now tell her how you
feel about her
[Applause]
it was 1989 summer and straight up just
came out and it was the song of the
summer for me it was the song of the
summer for all of us and and it was just
hit after hit it was poor snake it was
opposites attract and and I just tell
you I fell for it hook line and sinker I
had you all over my wall it was you and
George Michael and God bless on and and
and and and here we are right now
business Liz's on she added everything
I've done in the show in a decade this
is the most uncomfortable another day
[Applause]
you have this rose in this beautiful
meeting with Paula but we've been able
to get you the two of you a pair of
tickets to the Sonic the Hedgehog the
[Applause]
Joker's the movie opens in theaters
February 21st thank you all thanks for
watching remember every time you click
the subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed